Add Idempotency-Key support for Iceberg REST createTable (#4659)
apache/polaris: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for `register table` overwrite semantics in the Iceberg REST catalog flow (`overwrite=true`) for internal Polaris catalogs. With overwrite enabled, existing table pointers can be updated to a new metadata location while preserving default behavior for `overwrite=false`.
- Added `REGISTER_TABLE_OVERWRITE` authorization operation mapped to `TABLE_FULL_METADATA` for deterministic overwrite authorization.
- Added Polaris Spark 4.0 client.

> - Added handler-level support for the Iceberg REST `Idempotency-Key` header on `createTable`, using an optimistic-commit model: the terminal outcome is recorded only after a successful (2xx) response and retries replay an equivalent response rebuilt from current catalog state (no response body is stored). The key is bound to the request-derived resource (operation, namespace, name and access-delegation modes) and the caller principal, so reusing a key for a different resource or by a different caller is rejected with HTTP 422. A retry that loses a concurrent create race replays the winning request instead of returning 409, and a replay returns 422 if the table has advanced beyond the originally-created state. Only successful outcomes are recorded — a retry after a failure simply re-runs the operation. Idempotency is disabled by default and configured under `polaris.idempotency`; records are kept in a standalone idempotency store decoupled from the metastore persistence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added experimental, disabled-by-default handler-level support for the Iceberg REST `Idempotency-Key` header on `createTable`. Polaris records successful outcomes only after `createTable` completes and rebuilds retry responses from current catalog state; it does not store response bodies or prevent duplicate in-flight execution. Concurrent create retries can replay the matching successful create if its idempotency record becomes visible within a bounded lookup window; otherwise the original 409 conflict is returned. Failed outcomes are not recorded, so retries after failures re-run the operation.
```

Author: Thanks @snazy ! Applied your changelog suggestion. And good point on the schema: agreed it's better to land relational schema together with the code that uses it (or mark it provisional). I'll keep that in mind for the follow-up operations.
